Let's take a look.
So we've got we had our warning before.
And now we've got a primary button error,
a secondary button error,
a tertiary button error, and then just a
base error class is going to actually set
like all of the hover active,
and should be also focus in here.
It's gonna set the state since they're
all the same, just add that there.
These are exactly the same
as what we just did.
So we don't need to spend
too much time going over it.
I also added a couple of modifiers so I
should have a small error primary button.
I should have a large
warning secondary button and
I should have a success treasury button.
And when I come in here I can see
that all of the styles are being
applied appropriately, okay.
So like I mentioned, this is
probably not the best way to do it,
this is one way to do it.
And if you have other solutions,
feel free to let me know.
I always like to learn about
different ways that we can
help apply these styles for some of
these statuses to secondary and tertiary